
	1. WAP to create a structure, structure variable, initialize value to it, assign values to structure variable also, ask user to input data then display all result. Use all known method for this program.
	
	2. WAP to read and print an employee's detail using structure, where employee contain following data:
		Employee ID, Name, Salary, city, phone no.
	
	3. WAP to read and print an Student detail using structure, where student contain following data:
		Roll Number, Name, Department, Course, Session
		
	4. Create a structure to specify data on students given below:-
		Roll Number, Name, Department, Course, Year Of Joining
	
        Assume that there are not more than 450 students in the college.
		a. Write a function to print name of all students, who joined in a particular year.
		b. Write a function to print the data of all students who roll number is received by function.

	6. Create a structure to specify the data of customers in bank. The data to be stored is : Account Number, Name        
        Balance in account. Assume maximum of 200 customers in the bank.
		a. Write a function to print the account number and name of each customer with balance below Rs. 100.
		b. if a customer request for withdrawal or deposit, the form contains the following filed :
			Acct. No., amount, code,(1. For deposit, 0 for Withdrawal)
		Write a program to give a message, "The balance is insufficient for the specific withdrawal", if the withdrawal the balance falls below Rs. 100.
	
	7. An automobile company has serial number for number of engine parts starting from AA0 to FF9. The other characteristics of parts are year of manufacture, material and quantity manufactured.
		a. Specify a structure to store the information corresponding to a part.
		b. Write a program to retrieve information on parts with serial numbers between BB1 & CC6.
	
	8. Define a structure data type name data containing three integer member day, month, year,. Develop an interactive modular program to perform the following specific task:
		a. to read data into structure member by a function
		b. to validate the data entered by another function
		c. to print the data in the following format
			April 29, 2021
		by a third function.
	Note: The input data should be three integer like 29, 4 & 2021 corresponding to day, month & year.
	Note: Example of invalid data: 
			31, 4, 2002 - April has only 30 days.
			29, 2, 2002 - 2002 is not a leap year.
	
	9. Define an structure name "census" with the following three members:
		a. A character array city [] to store name.
		b. A long integer to store population of the city
		c. A float member to store literacy level 
	WAP to do the following:
		a. To read details for 5 cities,
		b. to sort list alphabetically.
		c. to sort list based on literacy level
		d. to sort the list based on population
		e. to display the sorted list
		
	10. Define a structure that can describe an hotel. It should have member that include the name, address, grade, average, room charges, and number of rooms.
	Write function to perform the following operations:
	Ø to print out hotels of a given grade in order of charges
	Ø to print out hotels with room charges less than a given values.
